test case 0 failed! cost time: 0ms
test case 1 failed! cost time: 0ms
test case 2 failed! cost time: 0ms
test case 3 failed! cost time: 0ms
test case 4 failed! cost time: 0ms
test case 5 failed! cost time: 0ms
test case 6 failed! cost time: 0ms
test case 7 failed! cost time: 0ms
test case 8 failed! cost time: 0ms
test case 9 failed! cost time: 0ms
test case 10 failed! cost time: 0ms
test case 11 failed! cost time: 0ms
test case 12 failed! cost time: 0ms
test case 13 failed! cost time: 0ms
test case 14 failed! cost time: 0ms
test case 15 failed! cost time: 0ms
test case 16 failed! cost time: 0ms
test case 17 failed! cost time: 0ms
test case 18 failed! cost time: 0ms
test case 19 failed! cost time: 0ms
JUnit version 4.10
.
Time: 0.008

OK (1 test)

